Update attributes, pages, products, product types (#219)
mirumee/saleor-docs: docs/dashboard/configuration/attributes.md

- Attribute Code - This is used to distinguish between, for example, _shoe sizes_ (36, 37, etc.) and _t-shirt sizes_ (XS, S, etc.). Any value you enter in this field will only be used internally; your customers will not see it. The attribute code must be a unique value.

- Catalog Input type for Store Owner - Here you can decide how the attribute values are displayed to the admin in the product management views. Available options are: 

> 1. _Dropdown_ (you can only display one option)
> 2. _Multiple Select_ (you can select numerous attribute values)
> 3. _File_ (you can select a specific file, e.g. a graphic file)
> 4. _References_ (you can select products or pages)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. _Dropdown_ (select one of the available options)
2. _Multiple Select_ (select more than one of the available options)
3. _File_ (upload a file like a specification sheet or an image)
4. _References_ (assign an ordered list of products or pages)
```
